Consume monorepo core binaries (#7241)
realm/realm-java: CHANGELOG.md

## 10.3.0 (YYYY-MM-DD)

### Enhancements
* None.

### Fixes

> * None.

Reviewer: We should probably add a comment about https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/HELP-21241. Maybe something like `* [RealmApp] Sometimes getting `Index out of range error` when integrating a remote Sync changeset into the local Realm`

It is a bit vague, but not sure I can come up with something more specific that doesn't involve writing 10s of lines of text.

## 10.3.0 (YYYY-MM-DD)

### Enhancements
* None.

### Fixes

> * [RealmApp] Integrating a remote Sync changeset into the local Realm could result on an `Index out of range error`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [RealmApp] Integrating a remote Sync changeset into the local Realm could result in an `Index out of range error`.
```

> * [RealmApp] Integrating a remote Sync changeset into the local Realm could result in an `Index out of range error`.

Reviewer: It looks like the Core release has a few other fixes we should also mention. Sorry for not catching this earlier. https://github.com/realm/realm-core/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#1033-release-notes

I would propose changing it to this:

```
* [RealmApp] Integrating a remote Sync changeset into the local Realm could result in an `Index out of range error`.
* Change notifications not firing when removing and adding an object with the same primary key within a transaction (Issue [#7098](https://github.com/realm/realm-java/issues/7098)).
* Race condition which would lead to "uncaught exception in notifier thread: N5realm15InvalidTableRefE: transaction_ended" and a crash when the source Realm was closed or invalidated at a very specific time during the first run of a collection notifier (Core issue [#3761](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/issues/3761), since v7.0.0).
* Deleting and recreating objects with embedded objects could fail (Core issue [#4240](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/4240), since v10.0.0)
```

But feel free to do that after CI has run, no reason to retrigger it for a doc update.

> * Change notifications not fired when removing and adding an object with the same PK within a transaction (Issue [#7098](https://github.com/realm/realm-java/issues/7098)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Change notifications not firing when removing and adding an object with the same primary key within a transaction (Issue [#7098](https://github.com/realm/realm-java/issues/7098)).
```

## 10.3.0 (YYYY-MM-DD)

> ### Deprecated

Reviewer: We normally leave this out if nothing here.

* None.

> ### Breaking Changes

Reviewer: We normally leave this section out if nothing here.

* None.

### Enhancements
* None.

### Fixes
* None.

### Compatibility

> * None.

Reviewer: Copy the section from previous releases here.
